Add osu!taiko hits (don and katu) (#13949)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object/Hit/en.md

When the Dons & Kats overlap with this white circle, the player is required to strike the corresponding part of the drum to earn points:

| Note | Colour | Drum input | Sound |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| Don | Red | Strike the drum's **center**. | A deep, resonant "don" sound. |
| Kat | Blue | Strike the drum's **rim**. | A sharp, high-pitched "kat" sound. |

## Finishers

**Finishers** (sometimes called *strong hits*) are bigger versions of the regular Dons and Kats where the player must press two buttons simultaneously of proper colour, instead of just one. Besides that, Finisher notes work the same as regular notes.

## Judgement

Upon hitting a note, the game awards a [judgement](/wiki/Gameplay/Judgement) based on how accurate the timing is, and the player may receive a small boost to the [health bar](/wiki/Gameplay/Health). Hitting Finisher notes perfectly will give double the score compared to regular notes, and award a `BONUS` judgement.

> A miss will occur if the player fails to hit the proper colour in a timely manner. Hitting the wrong colour, or both red and blue at the same time, will also be considered a miss.

Author: ```suggestion
A miss will occur if the player fails to hit the proper colour in a timely manner. Hitting the wrong colour, or both red and blue at the same time, will also be considered a miss.

A series of consecutive successful hits builds a [combo](/wiki/Gameplay/Combo_(score_multiplier)), which multiplies the base score of subsequent notes.
```

# Hit

*Not to be confused with: [Katu judgement](/wiki/Gameplay/Judgement/Katu)*

> **Hits** are coloured circles present in [osu!taiko](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!taiko) which are called **Don** for the red variant and **Katsu** or **Katu** for the blue variant, respectively. **Finisher** are a bigger version of the regular hits which require the player to press two buttons of proper colour, instead of just one.

Reviewer: "finishers" is the de-facto term for strong hits, maybe you can do something like `**Finishers (or strong hits)**`

> **Hits** are coloured circles present in [osu!taiko](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!taiko) which are called **Don** for the red variant and **Katsu** or **Katu** for the blue variant, respectively. **Finisher** are a bigger version of the regular hits which require the player to press two buttons of proper colour, instead of just one.

Author: ```suggestion
**Don & Kat** are circles coloured in red and blue respectively which are present in [osu!taiko](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!taiko) [beatmaps](/wiki/Beatmap). **Finishers** (sometimes called *strong hits*) are a bigger version of the regular dons and kats that require the player to press two buttons of proper colour, instead of just one.
```

> Players are required to click/tap the circles in time when they are positioned in the white judgement circle on the left side. The more accurate a click is to the beat, the more [score](/wiki/Gameplay/Score) will be rewarded, and the player may receive a small boost to the [health bar](/wiki/Gameplay/Health). Hitting Finisher notes perfectly will give double the score compared to regular circles and award a `BONUS` judgement. A miss will occur if the player fails to hit the proper colour in a timely manner. Hitting the wrong colour, or both red and blue at the same time, will also be considered a miss.

Reviewer 2: "tap the circles"..? sounds weird to me. like wrong game mode weird.
